Central, why are you here?
Why are you here? Why are you here? Why are you here?
Why are you here? Why are you here? Why are you here? Why are you here
Son? Why are you here?
Why are you here? Why are you here?
Why are you here? Why are you here? Why are you here? Why are you here? Why are you here? Why are you here? Why are you here? Why are you here? How are you
Here? Why are you here? Why are you here? Why are you here? Why are you here? Why are you here? Why are you here? Why are you here? Why are you here? Why are you here? How are you
Here? Why are you here?
Why are you here?
why are you here
Regardless of brother
Not more valuable than him, right?
Then you should talk about it
What does Miss Shuangya have?
Get up, sister
this year
Shuangya's entire property
Yes, yes, my mother can transfer points to Antong.
How do you prepare for Shuangya?
Just get nothing
And what you do yourself is to relieve debts
But I will raise a few
I am the one who really uses it
Shuangya’s entire property is worth thousands of gold.
As long as there are only two of us
You are brave and you are connected
There's no way you can recognize your home first, right?
So what do you mean I usually have no news?
I can apply for supplementary rights from the company
I said I would forward it to you and I will watch it.
My mother has found all the harvested products these days and I don’t want to anymore.
There is a company here
100% protection
Everything is decided by me
You said it all
You put all the right to make up for it